Add tar.gz distribution of the Splunk Otel Collector (#1863)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: docs/getting-started/linux-manual.md

SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN=12345 SPLUNK_REALM=us0 ./bin/otelcol
```

### Tar

We offer for convenience a tar.gz archive of the distribution.

To use the archive:

1. Unarchive it to a directory of your choice on the target system.
```bash
tar xzf splunk-otel-collector_<version>_<arch>.tar.gz
```

> 2. Go into the unarchived `agent-bundle` directory and run `bin/patch-interpreter $(pwd)`. 

Reviewer: This step is only applicable for the `amd64` archive.

This ensures that the binaries in the bundle have the right loader set on them since your host's loader may not be compatible.

> The tar archive contains the default agent and gateway configuration files.
> Both refer to environment variables described in the [Other](#Other) section above.
> Additionally, the agent configuration file requires that you set two environment variables:
> - `SPLUNK_BUNDLE_DIR` (no default): The path to the Smart Agent bundle, e.g. /usr/lib/splunk-otel-collector/agent-bundle
> - `SPLUNK_COLLECTD_DIR` (no default): The path to the collectd config directory for the Smart Agent, e.g. /usr/lib/splunk-otel-collector/agent-bundle/run/collectd

Reviewer 2: The smart agent extension sets these defaults:
https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/blob/main/internal/extension/smartagentextension/factory.go#L60
https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/blob/main/internal/extension/smartagentextension/factory.go#L75

```suggestion
The tar archive contains the default agent and gateway configuration files.
Both refer to environment variables described in the [Other](#Other) section above.
If you are running the Collector from a non-default location, the Smart Agent receiver and agent configuration file require that you set two environment variables currently used in the Smart Agent extension:
- `SPLUNK_BUNDLE_DIR` (`/usr/lib/splunk-otel-collector/agent-bundle` default): The path to the Smart Agent bundle, e.g. `/opt/my/environment/splunk-otel-collector/agent-bundle`
- `SPLUNK_COLLECTD_DIR` (`/usr/lib/splunk-otel-collector/agent-bundle/run/collectd` default): The path to the collectd config directory for the Smart Agent, e.g. `/opt/my/environment/splunk-otel-collector/agent-bundle/run/collectd`
```

Reviewer 2: Actually may be best just to set the bundle dir since the collectd dir defaults based on it. (updated)

Author: OK I will remove them then. Less is more.
